learners/setup.md, before:

---
title: Setup
---
Just a test to see how everything goes(Azin)
FIXME: Setup instructions live in this document. Please specify the tools and
the data sets the Learner needs to have installed.

## Data Sets

<!--
FIXME: place any data you want learners to use in `episodes/data` and then use
       a relative link ( [data zip file](data/lesson-data.zip) ) to provide a
       link to it, replacing the example.com link.
-->
Download the [data zip file](https://example.com/FIXME) and unzip it to your Desktop

## Software Setup

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: discussion

### Details

Setup for different systems can be presented in dropdown menus via a `spoiler`
tag. They will join to this discussion block, so you can give a general overview
of the software used in this lesson here and fill out the individual operating
systems (and potentially add more, e.g. online setup) in the solutions blocks.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::: spoiler

### Windows

Use PuTTY

::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::: spoiler

### MacOS

Use Terminal.app

::::::::::::::::::::::::


:::::::::::::::: spoiler

### Linux

Use Terminal

::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Update setup.md -test on learners_setup
Update setup.md -test on learners_setup 
I was just adding a few lines for instruction, the links should be added, and the extra material are eliminated.

learners/setup.md, after:

---
title: Setup
---
Just a test to see how everything goes(Azin)
test: 
Software and Tools Needed
Python:

Version: Python 3.7 or later is required for this lesson.
Installation Guide:
Official Python Download
If you're new to Python, it's recommended to use the Anaconda distribution, which comes with most required libraries pre-installed:
Download Anaconda
Jupyter Notebook:

We will use Jupyter Notebook as the development environment for running Python code and visualizing data.


Required Python Libraries: Ensure the following libraries are installed. You can install them via pip or use the Anaconda environment.
1) NumPy
2) Matplotlib

Git (Optional): If you want to clone the lesson repository to access the exercises and data files, install Git:

Download Git

FIXME: Setup instructions live in this document. Please specify the tools and
the data sets the Learner needs to have installed.

## Data Sets

<!--
FIXME: place any data you want learners to use in `episodes/data` and then use
       a relative link ( [data zip file](data/lesson-data.zip) ) to provide a
       link to it, replacing the example.com link.
-->
Download the [data zip file](https://example.com/FIXME) and unzip it to your Desktop

## Software Setup

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: discussion

### Details

Setup for different systems can be presented in dropdown menus via a `spoiler`
tag. They will join to this discussion block, so you can give a general overview
of the software used in this lesson here and fill out the individual operating
systems (and potentially add more, e.g. online setup) in the solutions blocks.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::: spoiler

### Windows

Use PuTTY

::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::: spoiler

### MacOS

Use Terminal.app

::::::::::::::::::::::::


:::::::::::::::: spoiler

### Linux

Use Terminal

::::::::::::::::::::::::
